When our CEO says the first thing here we created a comments.
This is going to be for a number so we're going to see or hear Mersch and or hear we're going to say
this is going to be padding for the pixels.
All right this afternoon we're going to target a single number so I'm going to say number here and then
we're going to have a margin 20 pixels or you know like this and then zero here.
Now there we have this.
We're going to say text align center here and we're going to have a transition here and this is going
to be trends for one.
All right.
Two seconds each.
All right now have a transformation here.
We're going to select this number here hover over here and they're all going to say transform transform
and we're going to translate and we're going to say translate why or here and we're going to say minus
10 pixels right.
So as we're having we're actually going to translate or do a cursor.
I'm going to say pointer.
All right let's move on and let's actually have for a fantasy.
My God.
So I'm going to say number here.
Hey I like this font size.
I'm going to say font size.
Sixty sixty pixels right.
Or something like this.
Then after that we're going to have a color hash tag on here to be here 9 8 0.
Then after that we would want to actually work with a heading to someone say number two and then I'm
going to say font size and let's say we are 40 pixels in this.
And then after that we're going to have a margin margin 10 pixels 0 and this and that or here is do
a font weight font weight you know and this.
So I just do and let's say 900 hundred this guy.
And then after that we would want a heading five.
So we're here with we're going to say this is going to be.
We're adding five more here and we're going to have a font size and it's 23 pixels here and the color
is going to be again.
Hash tag see 99 C-9 really like this.
Now we are ready to go on and actually start working with a media equerries for Responsive screen.